[deckhouse] Add collect debug info command (#1787)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/020-deckhouse/docs/USAGE.md

```shell
kubectl patch DeckhouseRelease v1-26-0 --type=merge -p='{"approved": true}'
```

> ### Collect debug info

Reviewer: It should be a second-level heading I suppose, as it's not linked with the "Setting up the update mode" paragraph.

Author: Good point.

> We always appreciate helping users with debugging complex issues. To collect all necessary info, a user should:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We always appreciate helping users with debugging complex issues. Please follow these steps so that we can help you:
```

> 1. Execute the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Сollect all the necessary information by running the following command:
```

```sh
kubectl -n d8-system exec deploy/deckhouse \
  -- deckhouse-controller helper collect-debug-info \
  > deckhouse-debug-$(date +"%Y_%m_%d").tar.gz

> ```

Reviewer 2: Please add indent of 3.

> 2. Send the archive to the Deckhouse team for further debugging.

Reviewer: Maybe it's a good idea to provide some contacts where users could send this archive, a telegram channel link for example.

Reviewer: The only option I can suggest is https://deckhouse.io/en/community/about.html#online-community

Reviewer: @nabokihms Is it more appropriate to use https://deckhouse.io/en/community/about.html#online-community instead of a new issue link? What do you think?
